a simple technique to get rid of
cellulite in one month a girl is
standing near the mirror saying how much
I love my trim waist my lean thighs my
slim body and how much I hate the layer
of fat which covers it surely it's just
a joke but like any joke it conveys a
piece of truth though you must admit
enemy even worse an extra weight for us
girls is cellulite that's why we've made
a research on this worrisome matter and
come up with our very own cellulite
fighting program it will take you just
about one hour a day to follow by the
end of the month if you don't cheat and
do it every day you'll see a seriously
impressive result why not start today
[Music]
tip number seven will really surprise
you it won't be tiresome or unpleasant
in fact quite the contrary all you'll
have to do is to relax in a sea salt
bath once a week if you feel at a loss
as to how to do it here's the
instruction draw a warm bath with the
temperature of about 110 degrees
Fahrenheit about 43 degrees Celsius and
add 200 to 500 grams of sea salt if
you're sure that your body screams for
emergency treatment use more salt dip
your lower part of the body into the
water you can rinse right after the
procedure or leave the salt for another
half an hour to make the experience even
more pleasurable you can use scented
salts with aroma oils so it will help
you to fight cellulite as well as to
relax your soul note please typical
duration of such a procedure should be
15 to 20 minutes but if you have
sensitive skin you might need to cut
this time short
[Music]
the next tip number six many of us do
regularly anyway I'm speaking about
organic Bonnie scrub you can apply it
just twice a week how is it useful for
fighting cellulite well natural scrubs
improve blood circulation which leaves
your skin smooth and healthy if you feel
particularly creative you can make your
own scrub at home you'll only need to
mix one cup of sea salt and 1/4 of cup
of olive oil
another simple and effective recipe is
this one cup of ground coffee or coffee
grounds mixed with one cup of sugar or
salt and a few drops of olive oil yes as
easy as that after creating your
personal scrub apply it after steaming
your skin and massage using circular
motions from bottom up scrub this nasty
cellulite away for ten minutes twice a
week when in the shower or sauna tip
number five a workout plan not
everything in the struggle against
cellulite is a piece of cake you need to
make a workout plan and it's art tip
number five it will be more effective if
you train four to five times a week
combining a healthy diet with physical
exercises will do wonders start with abl
program which is available at any gym it
includes cardiovascular and strength
exercises which target your abdomen
buttocks and legs abl Oh fun
gym isn't a must you can easily do home
workouts and here's an example of one of
the most efficient exercises place your
hands on the floor and take the same
position as if doing push-ups next bend
your right leg and bring your knee to
the stomach then straighten it and lift
it five to eight inches about 20
centimeters off the floor repeat with
your left leg try to survive three sets
of eight reps your body will be
extremely grateful if you alternate two
days of workouts forty minutes each with
one day of rest
tip number four olive oil and fish oil
[Music]
the next one tip number four might seem
surprising but it's found to add to the
positive effect if used every morning
I'm talking about olive oil and fish oil
they are rich in unsaturated fatty acids
and help our body to regulate lipid
metabolism so don't lag behind take one
teaspoon of extra-virgin olive oil
every morning as for fish oil take
several one-month courses a year and
your skin will shine brightly like a
star the best way is to take fish oil
capsules with food tip number three
healthy diet and water intake pay a very
close attention to tip number three
statistically healthy diet and water
intake every day is 80 percent of
success in keeping fit so down to
business one eat more protein fiber
carbohydrates and other products rich in
polyunsaturated fatty acids a perfect
example will be a combination of chicken
mushrooms and broccoli which has lots of
proteins fiber and vitamins but only 300
calories per 100g and isn't it yummy as
well
to say no to Kakes another pastry salty
food sweets fast food ready to cook food
and alcohol is there a limit to the
suffering girl can endure keeping her
beauty well an occasional glass of red
wine is okay three now we will reveal a
secret top ten best anti cellulite foods
include banana grapefruit sunflower
seeds ginger oily fish olive oil cabbage
oatmeal avocado and eggs for and please
don't forget to drink six to eight
glasses of water every day
this may include not more than four
glasses of green or herbal tea water is
an important building material of our
lymphatic system and a decrease in lymph
drainage is one of the main reasons for
the formation of cellulite
tip number two is the metabolism
boosting drink
nutrition specialists consider ginger to
be one of the best food products to help
you lose weight it reduces swelling by
removing excess fluid from the body
lemons are on the same list so you can
imagine what happens when they are
paired in one drink take one cup of
water
juice of half a lemon half of a grated
ginger root stir it together drink it
every day and feel how the drink
eliminates toxins regulate suggestion
and works magic in your kidneys at the
top of our list is tip number 1 contrast
shower and massage do it every morning
using exfoliating bath gloves to massage
your problem areas start from your feet
and then move upward to the hips and
buttocks in a circular motion
don't forget your arms massage them from
wrist to shoulders then get to your
belly chest and back and if you are
brave enough to alternate hot and cold
water it will improve your blood
circulation making your skin smooth and
silky such therapy isn't hard to do
start with warm water slowly there's no
where to hurry increase the temperature
up to hot and stand under the running
water for 30 to 90 seconds then turn the
temperature to cold
and enjoy it for the same period of time
repeat such actions 3 to 5 times
remember to always finish with cold
water if you have done everything
correctly for 10 minutes an additional
bonus will be the feeling of energy
buzzing in your body finally don't
forget two most important things first
take before and after photos to see the
way you have gone and the results you
have achieved after all you deserve the
right to boast to your friends
[Music]
and secondly hit the like button below
the video and click subscribe to join us
on the bright side we have more amazing
and useful videos for you
[Music]